So, as an example,
you can start with this dc1.large,
and dc1.large has two CPUs,
and thus, it has two slices.
It has 15 gigabytes of RAM,
and you have 160 gigabyte solid-state drive.
You can have from one to 32 in a cluster from these,
and that would give you a total capacity of something like five terabyte.
You can go and get even more low latency NVMe disks.
The latency of that is closer to memory,
if my hardware knowledge is not failing me here.
Then, we have also another breed of what's known as the storage-optimized nodes.
The storage-optimized nodes actually are not as fast and powerful in terms of CPU,
but they are larger in capacity.
You can have up to two petabytes.
One of those has 36 CPUs,
and you can have 128 of those,
and you can make your two petabyte.
It's also actually worth mentioning here the costs of doing that.
So, these instances are actually rather expensive compared
to the average EC2 that you can find on Amazon.
You will find, for example, that the dc2.large,
the start of the offering here,
is for 25 cents per hour.
Bottom line is, when we're going to do
our demo and when you're going to do your assignments,
we will actually use four of those.
So, you will be paying a dollar per hour for those machines,
and it's advisable that you do not actually just forget them.
For that, actually, a very good practice that we advise is that you actually go
into the billing settings of your Amazon account very early on and you say,
I want to receive billing alerts,
you save that, and you go and create an alarm.
For that alarm, you can say,
every time there is a cost increased by a certain delta, let's say,
one dollar, so every one dollar or every five dollars,
please do an action like send me an email,
and you put that alarm.
That's usually a very good practice to start with.